welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the darjeeling limited
a businessman in india fails to catch
his train
called the darjeeling limited as it
pulls out of a station
he is beaten to hit by a younger man
peter whitman
peter reunites with brothers francis and
jack on board
the three having not seen each other
since their father's funeral a year
earlier
francis has recently survived a
near-fatal motorcycle accident
leaving his face and head covered in
bandages and thus wishes to reconcile
with his brothers on a journey of
spiritual self-discovery
he is also covertly searching for their
mother whom the brothers have not seen
in many years
with the help of his assistant brendan
francis draws up a strict itinerary for
the trip and confiscates his brother's
passports to prevent them from getting
off the train too early
the three also continue to grieve over
their father's death
carrying bags and suitcases marked with
his initials
along with other personal items that
belong to him
the train takes the brothers through the
countryside into various hindu temples
though tension builds as jack and peter
become infuriated with francis's
manipulative behavior
francis eventually reveals that they
will be meeting with their mother
who has become a nun living at a
christian convent in the himalayas
peter and jack are angry knowing they
wouldn't have come if they had been told
this earlier
the atmosphere finally comes to a head
and the three have a physical
altercation on the train distressing the
other passengers
the chief steward whom the brothers have
repeatedly wronged
has them thrown off with all their
luggage
brendan subsequently quits and returns
to the train after giving the boys a
letter from their mother
its contents imply that she doesn't want
to see them
the brothers thus decide to leave india
go their separate ways
and never return after hiking through
the wilderness
the brothers see three young boys fall
into a river while attempting to pull a
raft across it
jack and francis rescue two of the boys
but peter fails to save the third
who dies they carry the body back to the
boys village
where they spend the night and are
treated kindly
they attend the funeral the next day and
experience a repressed flashback
the three brothers accompanied by alice
peter's wife
are shown heading to their father's
funeral and then stopping to pick up his
porsche from the repair shop
even though the car is not ready it is
revealed that their father's death was a
result of him being hit by a taxi
and that their mother did not attend the
funeral
back in the present the brothers arrive
at the airport
but they suddenly decide to rip up their
tickets and go visit their mother
they reach the convent where their
mother is surprised but overjoyed to see
them
and francis coyly admits that his
accident was actually a suicide attempt
that night after the brothers confront
their mother for abandoning them
the family gathers together in silence
and reconnect in love
the brothers awake the next morning to
find their mother gone
leaving them their breakfast they decide
not to wait for her to return
at the train station the three brothers
run for another train called
bengal lancer and gleefully discard all
their father's suitcases and bags to
catch it
on board francis offers to return peter
and jack their passports
but is told instead to hold on to them
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you